2438 document feat support corresponding specification in set operations (#2447)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/query-syntax/query-syntax-set-operations.md

`INTERSECT` operator is supported for streaming queries.

:::

## `CORRESPONDING` in set operations

Set operations (`UNION`, `INTERSECT`, and `EXCEPT`) require that the two queries return the same number of columns, and that the columns must match in left-to-right order (by column index).

You can use the `CORRESPONDING` keyword in these operations to match columns by name instead of relying on a strict column order. This approach only overlays columns that exist on both sides of the set operation. It ignores columns that aren't present in both sets. Columns are considered matching if they have the same name or alias.

The syntax for using `CORRESPONDING` is as below:

```sql
SELECT expression1, expression2, ... expression_n
FROM tables
[WHERE conditions]
<operation> CORRESPONDING [BY (column_name1, column_name2, ...)]
SELECT expression1, expression2, ... expression_n
FROM tables
[WHERE conditions];
```

`<operation>` is one of the below operations:

```sql

> UNION [ALL] | INTERSECT | EXCEPT

Author: In our "set operator" doc, we only have `UNION [ALL]` and `INTERSECT`.  Do we support `EXCEPT [ALL]` and  `INTERSECT [ALL]` now? Shall we add them?

Reviewer: No. We only support `UNION [ALL]`. `EXCEPT/INTERSECT ALL` are not supported

`INTERSECT` operator is supported for streaming queries.

:::

## `CORRESPONDING` in set operations

> Set operations (`UNION`, `INTERSECT`, and `EXCEPT`) require that the two queries return the same number of columns, and that the columns must match in left-to-right order (by column index).
> 
> However, you can use the `CORRESPONDING` keyword in these operations to match columns by their name instead of relying on a strict column order. This approach only overlays columns that exist on both sides of the set operation. It ignores columns that aren't present in both sets. Columns are considered matching if they have the same name or alias.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set operations (`UNION`, `INTERSECT`, and `EXCEPT`) typically require:

- Both queries to return the same number of columns
- Columns to match in left-to-right order (by column index)

However, you can use the `CORRESPONDING` keyword to match columns by name instead of order. This approach:

- Only combines columns that exist in both sets
- Ignores columns not present in both sets
- Considers columns matching if they have the same name or alias

Overall, using `CORRESPONDING` gives you more flexibility when performing set operations, as it doesn't rely on strict column ordering.

```

The syntax for using `CORRESPONDING` is as below:

```sql
SELECT expression1, expression2, ... expression_n
FROM tables
[WHERE conditions]
<operation> CORRESPONDING [BY (column_name1, column_name2, ...)]
SELECT expression1, expression2, ... expression_n
FROM tables
[WHERE conditions];
```

`<operation>` is one of the below operations:

```sql
UNION [ALL] | INTERSECT | EXCEPT
```

> If you want to explicitly specify the columns to match, use the `CORRESPONDING BY` clause. Only columns that are specified and on both sides will be overlaid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to explicitly specify the columns to match, use the `CORRESPONDING BY` specification. Only columns that are specified and exist on both sides will be overlaid.
```
